That's a lie.
I didn't kill people
We all saw people die at your hands
Who else could you have killed?
Do you also think I killed people?
Only believe I see supper
I have no idea.
You are such a person
You murderer
Get out of Zhang's house immediately
No, nothing else.
I'll go by myself.
Yo, you have quite a personality.
I have another character toad
It's still a toad after all
Don't try to eat swan meat, get out of here
What are you doing?
I'm moving in with you.
It's cold, I'll warm you up
I don't need it.
I have all my clothes, it's impossible to go, let's go
Then I can move to the next table, right? No
The next door is reserved for Xu Liao
What else are you thinking about?
Zhang Xueyao thought that only his person was Liao Zhenwei
He goes out on a date at night
I'm afraid she will become Liao Zhenwei's woman
Stop being infatuated here
No man can touch you for at least three months
Whoever touches who dies